<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>Document</title>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>
    Privacy Policy
    </h1>
<h1>Last updated on July 15, 2023</h1>

<pre>
Medxn respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through its compliance with its privacy policies. This policy describes:
The types of information that Medxn may collect from you when you access or use its application
Its practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
Please read this policy carefully to understand Medxn's policies and practices regarding your information and how Medxn will treat it. By accessing or using its Services and/or registering for an account with Medxn, you agree to this privacy policy and you are consenting to Medxn's collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information as described here. If you do not provide the information Medxn requires, Medxn may not be able to provide all of its Services to you.
We are responsible for the collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal information in accordance with its privacy standards as well as any applicable national laws. Your data controller may transfer data to other members of Medxn as described in this Privacy Policy. Medxn may process and retain your personal information on its servers in India.
This policy may change from time to time, your continued use of Medxn's Services after it makes any change is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
The information we collect and how we use it
Medxn collects several types of information from and about users of our Services, including:
Your Personal Information("PI") - Personal Information is the information that can be associated with a specific person and could be used to identify that specific person whether from that data, or from the data and other information that we have, or is likely to have access to. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used to identify a specific person, whether in combination with other information or otherwise.
We collect this information:
directly from you when you provide it to us; and/or
automatically as you navigate through our Services
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Services may include:
Your account information: Your full name, email address, postal code and other information you may provide with your account, such as your gender, mobile phone number. You may optionally provide us with this information through third-party sign-in services such as Google. In such cases, we fetch and store whatever information is made available to us by you through these sign-in services.
Your content: Information you provide through our Services, including your reviews, salon booking details and history.
We use the information you provide to us to enhance the functionality and improve the quality of our Services, and to personalize your experience while using our Services. 

Usage information: Details of your use of our Services, including traffic data, location data, logs  and the resources that you access and use on or through our Services.
Location information: Our applications collect real-time information about the location of your device, as permitted by you.
Precise Location Information and How to Opt Out
When you use one of our location-enabled services (for example, when you access Services from a mobile device), we may collect and process information about your mobile device's GPS location (including the latitude, longitude or altitude of your mobile device)  to customize the Services with location-based information and features (for example, to inform you about salons in your area or applicable promotions). Some of these services require your personal data for the feature to work. We keep this data for no longer than is reasonably necessary for providing services to you. If you wish to use the particular feature, you will be asked to consent to your data being used for this purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time by disabling the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device, provided your device allows you to do this. See your device manufacturer's instructions for further details.

Information from Third Parties
We may collect, process and store your user ID associated with any social media account (such as your Google account) that you use to sign into the Services or connect with or use with the Services. When you sign in to your account with your social media account information, or otherwise connect to your social media account with the Services, you consent to our collection, storage, and use, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, of the information that you make available to us through the social media interface. This could include, without limitation, any information that you have made public through your social media account, information that the social media service shares with us, or information that is disclosed during the sign-in process. Please see your social media provider's privacy policy and help center for more information about how they share information when you choose to connect your account.

How we use the information we collect
We use the information we collect from and about you for a variety of purposes, including to:
Process and respond to your queries
Understand our users (what they do on our Services, what features they like, how they use them, etc.), improve the content and features of our Services (such as by personalizing content to your interests), and make special offers.
Provide you with customer support.
Provide you with policies about your account.
For any other purpose with your consent.

How we share the information we collect
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide, as described in this privacy policy, in the following ways:

General Information Disclosures
To our affiliate partner salons which are in control of Medxn.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
Consent. We may share your information in any other circumstances where we have your consent.
Information Shared with salons
When you make a salon booking through our Services, your information is provided to us and to the salons with whom you choose to reserve.
Information you choose to share with a salon when you make a reservation may be used by the salon for its own purposes. We do not control the privacy practices of salons. Please contact the salon directly if you want to learn about its privacy practices.
Communication choices
Reviewing, changing or deleting information
If you would like to review, change or delete personal information we have collected from you, or permanently delete your account, please use the "Contact Us" information in the application.
Accessing & correcting your personal information
We will take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us and any subsequent updates.

We encourage you to review, update, and correct the personal information that we maintain about you, and you may request that we delete personal information about you that is inaccurate, incomplete, or irrelevant for legitimate purposes, or are being processed in a way which infringes any applicable legal requirement.

Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, the features of our services, or advances in technology. Please check this page periodically for changes. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes here. Please review the changes carefully. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your consent and acceptance of those changes.
</pre>

<h1>
Contact Us
</h1>
<p>
If you have any queries relating to the processing/ usage of information provided by you or Medxn's Privacy Policy, you may email at "info@erazor.in".
</p>

</body>
</html>